1657393: Add missing descriptions (#18409)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/garbage-collection/large-object-heap.md

---
title: Large object heap (LOH) on Windows

> description: This article discusses large objects, how they are managed by the .NET garbage collector, and what kind of performance implications large objects impose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article discusses large objects, how they are managed by the .NET garbage collector, and the performance implications of using large objects.
```
